# GameOffJam2020

License for shaders:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 GDQuest

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.



License for visual art:

Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License

Read the full license on: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode



License for game code:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Kyle Szklenski

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


License for gunshot:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode

Gunshot courtesy of andrest2003, from here: https://freesound.org/people/andrest2003/


License for gun cock:
https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode

Gun cock courtesy of DDT197, from here: https://freesound.org/people/DDT197/


License for crossbow sound:
https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode

Crossbow sound courtesy of Ali_6868, from here: https://freesound.org/people/Ali_6868/


License for sword swinging:
https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode

Sword swinging courtesy of PorkMuncher, from here: https://freesound.org/people/PorkMuncher/



License for music:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/legalcode

Music courtesy of bebeto, from here: https://freesound.org/people/bebeto/



Thank you to the folks on r/nosleep for the Correspondence.
